TIMETABLE OF EVENTS
12.30 pm	
Dog Show commences
1.00 pm	
Horticultural and Domestic Produce in main marquee
2.45 pm	
Punch and Judy Show
4.15 pm	
Punch and Judy Show
4.30 pm	
Presentation of Cups and Prizes
5.15 pm	
Sale of Produce from Horticultural Section
See separate timetable for main attractions
Displays during the day 
Band Concerts
CONTINUOUS ATTRACTIONS
Bowling - Sideshows 
Funfair-Trade and Charity Stands 
Ferret Racing - Refreshments - Licensed Bar
General Car Park
Welcome to Littlewick Show
This year's event is the 83rd Littlewick Show. It was ,founded by Dr: E.R.D.  
Maconochie who was a great horse enthusiast. The Show began on a small scale in  
the village with Dr Mac's friends helping with the expenses and donating trophies,  
many of which are still in use.
Those who have been involved with the Show far a number of years look upon the  
BIG DAY not only as a great outing, but almost as a family get-together
Several Committee members were around in Dr. Maconochie's time. I have been  
Show Secretary for 50 years and members of the Westacott,family cannot remember  
the days when their farm, storage or equipment was not used. Newer members  
represent organisations for the young and they keep the committee informed of current  
needs ... With this in mind, we have added several other activities to our list of  
attractions. We have also added a wider variety of food outlets to satisfy the diverse  
requests from. the community.
The Peters family with their children's fairground will be with us on the day. They  
have been coming for over 40 years. We have watched their children grow up and  
complete new generations have now joined as.
Marry of the trade and charity stands have been with us for nary years. No Show  
would be the same without Dickie Richard, and his Punch and Judy Show or Circus  
Whiz,, each coming a long distance to be with us.
The Society aims to provide an inexpensive day out for the entire family, to enable  
charities to raise fiends at little or no cost and to support local 'good causes' us a  
result. We are very grateful to all who help. The Vice Presidents give assistance in  
many ways and the sponsors provide a much needed back-up. The Fire Service, Lions  
Clubs, Rotary Club of Maidenhead Thames, Marlow Rotary Clubs, and so many  
others	
What would we do without you all."
The Show had outgrown the available fields in Littlewick and needed to more_ The  
83 years have been divided between Frogmore and Feens Farms in Littlewick,  
Shottesbrooke Park and the recent field at Braywick where we had been for 34 years.  
Our thanks to these land owners. You have been great. We now extend our thanks to  
the owners of Bottle Meadow.
No Show can be a success without the visitors. You turn up with unfailing loyalty.  
We are sure that we have a great day in store for you... No family gathering would  
be possible without its main members. Please come and see for yourselves.
Valerie J. Bosley 
(Hon. General Secretary)
1

